In the right shape, but the wrong cue, that's all, by Tom Valentine.
Now, who's that knocking at this hour to be shocking?
Get no banging on a lady's door.
Just listen, Jim Johnson, she's calling Miss Thompson, a fool and man pretend she don't live here no more.
Miss Thompson done boom, but that can be proved, cause her trunk and little things ain't here.
I don't explain, Mrs. Thompson don't remain, and I'm sorry for to tell you, dear, you're in the right church, but in the wrong queue.
You're in the right neighborhood, that's true.
You're in the right street, once more.
You're in the right house, but on the wrong floor.
But when you're out late, just get the name straight before you attempt to call.
You're in the right church.
that's wrong to that song last night while sleeping i heard somebody creeping because the burglar man that came to call it showed me was funny he thought i had money i broke his eye could be he tried to make a hole so i yelled out mister
I got a rich sister, she's just living on the floor below.
To whom it concerns, she's got money to burn, so you know just where to go.
You're in the right church, but in the wrong pew.
You're in the right neighborhood, that's true.
You're in the right street.
Once more, you're in the right house, but on the wrong floor.
But when you're out late, just get the name straight before you attempt to call.
You're in the right church, but the wrong tool, that's all.